CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

First off, thanks for taking the time to contribute!

# Table of contents

- [Getting started](#getting-started)
- [Internals](#internals)
    - [Structure of the repository](#structure-of-the-repository)
- [Development](#development)
    - [Starting the environment](#starting-the-environment)
    - [Stopping the environment](#stopping-the-environment)
    - [Resetting the environment](#resetting-the-environment)
- [Releasing](#releasing)


# Getting started

The development environment requires [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/), [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/) and [Composer](https://getcomposer.org/download/) to run. Please refer to the official documentation of each for a step-by-step installation guide.

In order to fully utilize the development environment we recommend you use [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/), and have [PHP Sniffer](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=wongjn.php-sniffer) extension installed.

Clone the repository:

    $ git clone git@github.com:sendsmaily/sendsmaily-wordpress-plugin.git

Next, change your working directory to the local repository:

    $ cd sendsmaily-wordpress-plugin

Install packages required by the development environment:

    $ composer install

And run the environment:

    $ docker-compose up

# Internals

## Structure of the repository

The repository is split into multiple parts:

- `assets` - screenshots for Wordpress.org plugin page;
- `code` - classes for providing core functionality to the plugin;
- `gfx` - images used in the admin panel;
- `html` - admin panel and public templates;
- `includes` - additional content functionality;
- `js` - Javascript for public page and admin panel;
- `lang` - translation files,
- `vendor` - Composer packages;

In addition there are system directories:

- `.github` - GitHub issue and pull request templates;
- `.vscode` - Visual Studio Code settings.

# Development

All code written must follow [Wordpress' Coding Standards](https://make.wordpress.org/core/handbook/best-practices/coding-standards/). Including CSS, HTML, Javascript and PHP.

## Starting the environment

You can run the environment by executing:

    $ docker-compose up

> **Note!** Make sure you do not have any other process(es) listening on ports 8080 and 8888.

## Stopping the environment

Environment can be stopped by executing:

    $ docker-compose down

## Resetting the environment

If you need to reset the Wordpress installation in the development environment, just simply delete environment's Docker volumes. Easiest way to achieve this is by running:

    $ docker-compose down -v

# Releasing

Releasing a new version of the plugin to Wordpress.org requires [SVN client](https://subversion.apache.org/packages.html).

**Note!** Make sure release build has finished in GitHub (`smaily-for-wp.zip` file should exist in GitHub release assets), before running the release script.

After creating a release in GitHub, plugin must also be deployed to Wordpress.org. The repository contains a handy script for that:

    $ ./release.sh -u [Your Wordpress.org username]

> It will guide you through the release process step-by-step.

Commit message:

Add section about migrations to CONTRIBUTION guide

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

First off, thanks for taking the time to contribute!

# Table of contents

- [Getting started](#getting-started)
- [Internals](#internals)
    - [Structure of the repository](#structure-of-the-repository)
- [Development](#development)
    - [Starting the environment](#starting-the-environment)
    - [Stopping the environment](#stopping-the-environment)
    - [Resetting the environment](#resetting-the-environment)
- [Migrations](#migrations)
    - [Creating a migration file](#creating-a-migration-file)
- [Releasing](#releasing)


# Getting started

The development environment requires [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/), [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/) and [Composer](https://getcomposer.org/download/) to run. Please refer to the official documentation of each for a step-by-step installation guide.

In order to fully utilize the development environment we recommend you use [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/), and have [PHP Sniffer](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=wongjn.php-sniffer) extension installed.

Clone the repository:

    $ git clone git@github.com:sendsmaily/sendsmaily-wordpress-plugin.git

Next, change your working directory to the local repository:

    $ cd sendsmaily-wordpress-plugin

Install packages required by the development environment:

    $ composer install

And run the environment:

    $ docker-compose up


# Internals

## Structure of the repository

The repository is split into multiple parts:

- `assets` - screenshots for Wordpress.org plugin page;
- `code` - classes for providing core functionality to the plugin;
- `gfx` - images used in the admin panel;
- `html` - admin panel and public templates;
- `includes` - additional content functionality;
- `js` - Javascript for public page and admin panel;
- `lang` - translation files,
- `vendor` - Composer packages;

In addition there are system directories:

- `.github` - GitHub issue and pull request templates;
- `.vscode` - Visual Studio Code settings.


# Development

All code written must follow [Wordpress' Coding Standards](https://make.wordpress.org/core/handbook/best-practices/coding-standards/). Including CSS, HTML, Javascript and PHP.

## Starting the environment

You can run the environment by executing:

    $ docker-compose up

> **Note!** Make sure you do not have any other process(es) listening on ports 8080 and 8888.

## Stopping the environment

Environment can be stopped by executing:

    $ docker-compose down

## Resetting the environment

If you need to reset the Wordpress installation in the development environment, just simply delete environment's Docker volumes. Easiest way to achieve this is by running:

    $ docker-compose down -v


# Migrations

Plugin has built-in feature to run schema and data migrations when plugin version changes.

## Creating a migration file

All migrations must be placed inside `migrations` directory, and named by pattern `upgrade-[major]-[minor]-[patch].php`. Where `major`, `minor` and `patch` represent the to-be-released version of the plugin.

```php
<?php

/**
 * Migration to make changes to the database schema.
 */

$upgrade = function() {
    // Your migration goes here...
};
```


# Releasing

Releasing a new version of the plugin to Wordpress.org requires [SVN client](https://subversion.apache.org/packages.html).

**Note!** Make sure release build has finished in GitHub (`smaily-for-wp.zip` file should exist in GitHub release assets), before running the release script.

After creating a release in GitHub, plugin must also be deployed to Wordpress.org. The repository contains a handy script for that:

    $ ./release.sh -u [Your Wordpress.org username]

> It will guide you through the release process step-by-step.
